[Music]
see what I'm going to see what
Pablo said about the lawsuit what did he do let's
see okay well I'm not going to get involved with
greetings and intros and things okay
because I'm telling you that apart from the fact that I'm exhausted I've been out
there all day with
that gentleman who just renewed his
membership and I'm I'm really tired the
truth is we had a really cool event today
with Trium Okay it's been a
really nice experience right Alex it's
been really good I have to record a
video for the main channel tomorrow you'll
probably have two or three videos
on the main channel freak out eh freak out It's that I
probably have three videos for
the main channel for tomorrow and I can't
leave any for another day well
three videos three videos
the Editors are not going to have of course Okay we'll
see no but well I'm going to record it
I'm going to leave it well the thing is I don't know if I'm
going to record it the truth is I
'm dying of sleep Ale I mean I think what I
'm going to do is go to bed
when this live ends and tomorrow
God will say V from the main channel Yeah man
lots of smoke a dick lots of smoke a
dick I  I also have
dry eyes we've put one I just
drank a Red Bull here eh now I mean I
just put a Red Bull at 12 at
night in the body in this piece of
Body how about But anyway and I want to
hear to see what Pablo has said
about the lawsuit Okay
Pablo is already working on this lawsuit
And apart from that I have to tell you something that
Pablo told me I imagine that it doesn't matter
if I say it and you'll see about the
lawsuit I would love to I don't know if luare
can I don't know if my place is watching me
there or is listening to me he's been
busy with something else but I would love if he could
listen a little with the opinions
because I've seen around here that sell uploaded a
video I don't know if the sh also a few
opinions that are out there but yes Well
if they don't have it today we'll see
tomorrow Anyways no more chill
Besides tomorrow is the talk show they will give their
opinions and we'll see it I'm not stealing the
talk show live so that he stutters he can
say something to me and get burned and tomorrow we'll
see it But what yes  I mean, let's
see, the lawsuit hasn't
reached me as such, okay, what happened to me was that
YouTube sent it to me.
Okay, when when they reject the
counter notification. Well, they reject
returning the video to me. The strike, yes, they do. They take it away from me.
There's a YouTube that
has to send you the documentation that
the other guy sent. Okay, so they're
sending me the lawsuit. Okay, the lawsuit hasn't been
filed in court. The lawsuit,
Ricky, I understand, has had it and I think
so from the documents they send me.
Lex next, who is called, I understand that he
has indeed filed it. Okay, when I arrive,
grandpa, I'm about to block everyone
on Twitter. I'm already tired of it. Dalas and
the haters, especially miare and wismichu. I would
n't block you, but me. Let's see,
regarding miare and wismichu
posting things. I understand, I mean, you
really can't ask for it. Let's see,
us here, when Dallas speaks, when
Ricky speaks, when I speak, I don't know who, when he speaks, we
always see all the
content and that's it. I don't know, opinions
are respected.  positions are respected and let them
say what they want, I mean, they
have it, I don't see the point in it. You already know my
opinion on that because the
collection of signatures is that I don't think it's
useful at all,
a parallel trial makes no sense. I mean, if
justice is already there. I mean, you're going to
take the judges' jobs away from the judges with
the Chinese, good night, grandpa, screw the
glasses, lose, okay, I'm going to tell you that, okay. We'll
talk about the Miare issue later and so
on because we're going to listen to utbh,
Ricky, and Fran again giving their opinion on the issue.
I wouldn't like to see what
Cel said in response to Dallas to what
Dallas said here the other day, eh. I don't know, I
saw that he also uploaded an excerpt but I have
n't had time to see it either. Today
we had an in-person event, okay,
tomorrow you will have the video on the
main channel with Trium, it was very nice, it was very
nice, ha, it's very good, in
that, what I'm telling you is that the lawsuit has been sent to the
court in Seville, now the
court will have to look for me and will have to
send the lawsuit to Joan Planas, it
took a year for it to arrive  the
lawsuit is worth it What does this mean? Well,
man, this means that it could
take a year to reach me. What's going on? Well,
Pablo says that Nan and that we shouldn't
wait a year, that he's going to
appear. Okay, so I hope the
lawsuit is filed because Pablo is going to
appear to speed up the procedure,
okay, in other words, we're going to appear
to show our faces in court. Okay, we
want them to set a date for
that trial where we're going to discuss
40 seconds of a great song by
Ricky Edy, the truth. So there are
three officials there, okay, there are
three, three judicial officials there,
okay, the judge, the prosecutor, and the secretary,
okay, apart from
Ricky's lawyer, my lawyer traveling to Seville,
Ricky coming down from Andorra to Seville, no, they
appeared in the rewind of
Ricky's song, okay, I'm very interested,
the truth is, I think that I think it deserves that
Spain be paralyzed regarding this
issue, it's not very important and I hope that
the judge is prepared for such a
big case, the truth is, things as they are,
okay. This will be a pioneering trial. I'm also
telling you, eh, what did Ricardo Moral, the
four-year-old boy do?  uh with this lawsuit before
the commercial court of Seville
in which he claims 8,000 bucks from him, I don't
know, I've just scratched the surface now that he's claiming
8,000 bucks from Javier Francisco Javier
Oliveira Ricky Ed in that lawsuit he
quantifies that he deserves 88,000 for having
used his song which I do
n't know if it's 40 seconds in a
42 minute video Uh well Ricky Eddie considers
that those seconds that I used of
his music are worth His content costs
8,000 and he has also appraised it uh he has
called an expert that today I found out
that the expert was from youlet he called
an expert okay to quantify okay
This is what happened the lawsuit How would
I define it special special is a
special lawsuit it has several things
that really get on my nerves No
man it doesn't get on my nerves having to
go to court to explain that I
see it as a serious serious important issue and
I see that it is an issue that needs to be
discussed and when people
feel  violated have every
right in the world to go to
court, that's what they're for, I mean, I think that's what
we pay taxes for, eh or
no way. In fact, issues that have
nothing to do with and I'm going to read
verbatim and I'm going to read verbatim, it
doesn't say that the facts, the parties and the
controversy, the plaintiff Ricardo
moral Martnez, Mr. moral, better
known under the pseudonym Ricky edit,
is a content creator on
social networks, he has more than 3 million
subscribers on his YouTube channel and
also has uh profiles on NX, Instagram, and
Twitch, among others. This is how Ricky
edit sells himself. The lawsuit. Okay, when you start
a lawsuit, the first thing that comes is like
a small presentation of the parties,
not the plaintiff Ricky Eddy, a popular
content creator on all
social networks, quite well known, has 3
million followers and eh, who makes
fun content apart from music,
although he is mainly dedicated to
networks, Mr. moral is a great
fan of music, amateur, yes,
professional, he started by publishing videos
in which he covers
well-known musical songs, watch this, and currently he even
composes and publishes his own songs. One
of them is sorry, the song that is the
subject of the  present claim to see his
own topic the base apparently is the
base he bought the license to use the
base okay Define Javi olivy like this
Mr. Oliveira is also dedicated to the
creation of content on social networks
uploading videos focused on criticism and
comments towards other
content creators Seeking confrontation with
them and inciting controversy
Ricky Eddie's content is a parody
fun popular and
music fan Javi Oliveira's content is
very controversial He seeks confrontation and
messes with others here it seems that he
is describing himself no no no no no
no His content is
musical parodies No he is a
content creator with 3 million subscribers
And Javi Oliveira is a How is he uploads
videos focused on criticism and
comments towards other
content creators Seeking confrontation with them
inciting controversy That is
Javi Oliveira I recognize him well and then
comes something that really pisses me off said
all in terms of
defense I would say in court it does not say
verbatim like that same same
illegitimate
in the honor of another creator of
false content as far as I know
Antonia is not a content creator but
well with her publications and the payment of
9000 in compensation for
years and damages of
course I this is is that
well This is the presentation that
Ricky makes about me okay I would have been
fascinated if he had put
the plaintiff is a content creator
who makes musical parodies who makes
criticisms who insults women on the
internet okay especially women
not just those on Twitter
Princessa has it fried he tells her that she
sucks that she has a hole to heal it
and that he is denounced by his ex-partner
for gender violence that would have been
the presentation that I would have given to
Ricky okay But well the right to
honor is more important You already know and he
says although the above does not have a
direct relationship with the present lawsuit it
helps us have context about the
type of content that Mr.
Oliveira publishes on social networks take his
balls okay I mean no no it has
absolutely nothing to do with this
lawsuit that Javi has been sentenced not
definitively  It's still obviously not
final, we don't know what might happen with
the appeal. But anyway, this puts us
in context, or whatever
Ricky Eddie's lawyer is, okay, it seems to you
that this is context about what
happened, okay, it seems to you that this is
context about what happened, well,
I would put the full context Ricky, the
full context is that when your ex
cheats on you, you make up a
rape, okay, you make up that she was
raped, eh, you know,
when the rest of us are telling you that he was
n't raped, that we don't believe it,
okay. And that your girlfriend is going to report you, you get
angry, you block us, you insult us and
all that crap. After months,
when you have no way out and you're up to
here with the cheating and the lies,
then you come out saying that the liar
is only Lali, you're not only Lali, you're not
the cheating, it was only Lali that was invented, okay,
the bad guy is only Lali, you, no, you at
all, okay. And how well you start
insulting and all this stuff and you become
obsessed with people, no, then you
end up being reported because you're making a series
from a podcast where you humiliate your ex you've
made a viral video where you admit to
taking her phone while she's sleeping
to search her phone and then
ban her friends and all that
stuff and a few other things that
she includes in the complaint behavior
that you have in private fights and things like that
Okay so that's the
context the context let's say the
context is that you get angry you get angry and and I
go and put a little piece of your content
in a rewind and you report it to me
when you have a ton of content on
your channel, even content that was paid and
you put it up without asking my permission
okay Not only that but there are
tons of clips eh in which you have
expressly given people permission to
use your music and and and and
criticize you and all that stuff okay apart
from all the campaign that you do in favor of
fair use and against strikes
Okay so now you take eh And so as
not to tell the kids so as not to give the
kids an explanation of
why they're returning the video to me Well you've made it
to the end until  the end
file a lawsuit okay mmm Perfect I
think it's great now you go there
to explain that eh what are your
rights of course this is as if I now
say Mr. Ricardo moral is
accused of a crime of
gender violence by the court of violence against
women number 2 of Zaragoza in the
preliminary proceedings 1482 of 2024
basically for taking the cell phone from his
then partner, reviewing it and making
its content public which gives an idea
of the content that this gentleman does is
accused These are the proceedings 2024
basically by the court of violence
against women number 2 of Zaragoza in
the preliminary proceedings 1482 of 2024
basically for taking the cell phone from his
then partner, reviewing it and making
its content public which gives an idea
of the content that this gentleman does
would it make any sense for me to say that would it make
any sense for me to say that
this gentleman is accused by the court
of violence against women number 2 of
Zaragoza in the preliminary proceedings 14
82/2022 for multiple
violent episodes with his ex-partner would it make
any sense for me to say this in this
lawsuit none right well well it will have to be
put there too it will have to be put there
too because he is dedicated you get
very angry Ricky what surprises me is the
people who get along with him being
accused of that no if original I'm sorry
okay published on December 23,
2023 okay And on YouTube okay eh and such a
clause I don't know what blah blah in summary the
song is a derivative work whose use
is stopped by the perfected license agreement
it's more it's more look is
that he is not even the author of the
song Because the base is Sonora Javi
but the difference is that
you have used it and Ricardo moral does not authorize you to
use it already already already already already if he says
no that he has thrown the video because I
left it bad in the clips of the debates, that
is, he already recognizes in the lawsuit well
in the lawsuit and in the videos in the
video that he made for me already rec reason
for throwing it away is not because of copyright he does not
throw it away because of copyright  He throws it away because it
looks bad in the excerpts of the debate
that he says that the excerpts of the debate I
have manipulated them eh that is
strong too that is another topic eh to
talk about eh he bought it or rather the base
Sonor He bought it it is not his it is
the base of the song He bought it
to be able to commercialize the song
eh Wait, I'll tell you eh for 10
years for the use of the bit that is
property and composition of Sebastin
Eric more caver okay the one who made the
instrumental of the song Okay and
for 10 years Mr.
Ricardo moral bought it well the bit of the well
ent 10 years 10 years s for 10 years and he
has a limited non-
exclusive and non-transferable license as well as the
right to incorporate include and use the
track in the preparation of a new
song to incorporate in a new
piece of instrumental music created because
in the lawsuit itself he says that what he
is suing Yes yes that is what
wizard says in the lawsuit itself it says that he
is suing because if he does not sue
YouTube will return the video to me Yes that is what it
says that is what the lawsuit says let's
see but  is the real reason why he's
suing, I'm not selling the song
or marketing his song. It's not
the rewind claim, okay, eh, he does it
for no reason, but saying that your content is
far from the musical field
helps you because your content is far from
his, therefore, you don't reduce his monetization.
Well, according to him, yes. According to him, he has stopped
earning money because I put the song
in the rewind, he puts it in the lawsuit, that
too, eh, but apart from that, Oh, what was I
going to tell you? The more cut, the more
cut, I don't remember what I was going to
say, well, eh, By the way, by the way, And
why am I talking about this and
why am I giving all this information? Because
this lawsuit has not yet reached him, it has not
been communicated to him, therefore, I
am not the lawyer for this lawsuit because the
lawsuit has not yet been communicated
to him. Well, YouTube has sent it
to him, another one, well, okay, it's like a
10-year rental. It's like a real purchase, it
's a 10-year rental, well, and it
continues because, of course, the music, eh,
the infringement of Don Javier Oliveira and
the complaint to the video date
December 29th 24 Mr. Oliveira published
a video on his YouTube channel in which he
uses the song specifically the
song plays in a fragment of the video it
is from minute 12:52 to minute 14:16 that is to
say one minute and 20 seconds or something
no in this part of the video appears the
gentleman don't [ __ ] with me whose last name is moral
cara crying with laughter or you know
Perla he always knows the four year old boy
performing the song I'm sorry at a
concert then Mr. Oliveira continues
using the song while he puts
speculations on matters Oh yes yes yes
the lawsuit states that he files the
lawsuit so that I don't return in the
video, I mean, realize that in the end he
in a lot of these debates of
times that he has fought with Dallas, he
to his children every time he has told him that
Dallas is not right or something like that
he has not stopped repeating well
YouTube has returned the video to you well
YouTube has returned the video to me that means
I was right well YouTube has
returned the video to Serene then of
course Having repeated that so much  Now
how the hell is his ego going to accept that I
come out with
other people's sentimental videos, okay? In no case has the use
of the song been authorized by
obviously on this part, well they are not
surprised at all because between
Mr. Moral and Mr. Olbera there is a
manifest relationship of friendship, try me
in the multiple videos and comments on
social networks from Mr. Olivera
towards Mr. Moral and from Mr. Moral
towards Mr. Olive, well here we see
several things Well there Pablo one
part that no no says that we have an
enmity and that I say things to him and he
says things to me he says that I say things to him and
he has to respond to me from time to
time, first what I find really funny
is that he starts by saying,
here the four year old boy that he is a big
music fan and that's why he
started making videos covering
songs, covering songs
that he did not have the copyright to, in other
words, he has been using songs
that he did not have the rights to, two
Has the same copyright a
movie as a YouTube video as
a song No to Troya says no
to Deoria says that we do not use
content from everyone okay  Yes, right now
I'm using your content but
not a song. Right now I'm
using your content but it's not a
song. What he doesn't clarify is that
the song has a different copy, but
if you're registered, the song has a
different copy, okay, so the
copyright of the
songs is blue and the video copyright is
orange, okay, so what they're
telling you, what these people are telling you
is that the videos don't have
copyright and the songs. Yes, that's what
these people are telling you, the
videos do have legitimate use because
potato, okay, but the songs don't,
that's what they're telling you. Let's say,
practically, you can take
Ricky's videos, mine,
whoever's videos, you can download them and
upload them. You can create a channel, you
can create a channel, you take
Ricky's videos, you download them, and you
upload them with their title and with their
thumbnail, it's not copyrighted, what is
copyrighted are only if he sings,
okay. So from now on, okay, to
protect my content, I'm going to do this. Ricky,
are you an
[ __ ]? Your anus burns so much that you're going
to walk around.  1000 km for me to
laugh my head off the four year old has used
dozens of videos by Javier Olive
dozens well Not just his of him and
00000 more I mean and 00,000 more no well
here he talks about how he caused the damages cause the
damages cause the damages caused
corresponds to him as good and goes to the
quantification Okay, he says the
patrimonial damages have been quantified in and he
breaks them down 61.4 for the profits
obtained by Mr. Oliveira my
profits have been 2000 2000 and some
but he has kept it, so what about you
asking for the monetization of the
video saying that I have collected it
when you have said publicly that you have
collected it who is a mother of love mother of
God fear What an inspiring letter a
great Javi you cannot download it
okay it is sung okay that is not a video it is
sung Although it was done here on
YouTube it has been calculated by Don
Jess Corts Luque who I have no [ __ ]
idea Who is it that says he is an expert in
marketing and social networks or rather because yes,
okay, here's a guy who says he's an
expert in social networks, he's from
Youlan, I've already looked it up on the internet. This
guy is a guy who works at Youlan, who's a
pain in the ass, who says that
Mr. Oliveira has obtained 23,814 benefits
based on remuneration,
okay. And here I explain one thing, the
benefits obtained by Javier Oliveira
for the use of this song are
zero according to this expert in marketing and
social networks. Why? Because
you took away the monetization, but he
also said it in a video and and and the
video is titled a Med grandfather gave 1,000
euros because you got paid. What's more, you don't
need any expert in marketing and
social networks because you know what you got
paid for that video, you know it
because you got paid, I mean, it's a
load of nonsense. And then you say that 23,814
because of Tanet B for a study
by Tanet BS University, that is, from the
University of their balls, muen. Okay, and
3,000 for the benefits lost
by the four-year-old.  It has been
calculated based on the compensation that
the four-year-old would have received if the
defendant had requested authorization from
this party to use the song. Why?
Because he says that he charges 30, that he charges
3,000 for transferring the copyright,
as if he says that he charges 30,000, that apart
from the 2,000 and something, it is worth the 8,000. He
is explaining them. Where do they come from? Okay, I mean,
apart from the 2,000 and something that he
says he is claiming from me because I have
charged them using his music, okay, apart from
that, he adds 3,000 because he says that is his
rate, I don't know if it is because of how much fun we
both had here debating or
what, this
idiot guy, I mean, it is his rate, he says that he
charges that rate for using, for
allowing his video to be used, ok or
30 million, in other words, someone has
paid you 3,000 to you, four-year-old, for the
use of that song, he has not
authorized everyone to
use it and they criticize him because it is
registered only gives  certainty
about the date of creation of the
work and its author but the
copyright is born with the creation of the work
this case can change the game of
YouTube no no no georgio the videos
are not copyrighted you can take the
videos and upload them people's videos
you can take the videos from auron Play
and upload them has someone paid you
something at some point for using that song
someone has paid you 1 for the rights
to that song then you say No no it's
that it's 3,000 my royalties for
using the song okay guys I mean
well no and and he wants and then there are
moral damages of the gentleman moral he
has moral damages okay 2500 another
2,500 are for
moral damages another 2500 are for moral damages
family that has done a lot of damage to him
this rewind issue eh You just have to
see his face in the last videos
okay There you can see it I feel like
giving him 5000 no 200500 okay but what 2 his
ego has been broken  and he needs 2500
because for his egg Morel is worth it But
well Then he says it then he
develops it in the fundamentals of law
Mater no eh he tells you that eh blah blah blah
blah blah the exclusive rights of the
previous author the exclusive rights
over his work moral rights and such are
those that are considered Moral
the following rights and such the
moral gentleman has such the rights of
patrimonial content Look eh the
illegitimate use the use of the song Seora
liber has been used without authorization
of the same infringing the
aforementioned rights it is not a
provisional reproduction nor a
private copy well in accordance with
article 311 an act of
provisional reproduction requires lacking in
itself independent economic significance
and among other requirements
that the use of the work is l he says
he alleges that the use of this
work of this work can pico has
an independent economic significance
okay What does this mean
that Javier earned money for using this
song okay that is to say some of those who
saw that video went to see that video
because they liked the music, in other words they saw
that video they saw that video because the
Ricky Ed's song, that is, in a video
of a story and so many minutes, one minute,
minute 10 in which that song appears, it has
an independent economic significance,
point one, that is, point one
zero, that is, there he is no longer right and it would be
dismantled in court, such eh two two,
for you to consider that you have suffered damage, for
you to claim compensation, you
must have suffered
patrimonial damage because if not, you would be
suffering unjust enrichment, well,
and for you to have suffered
patrimonial damage, it means that there are people, let's
imagine, I am David Sumers from
Hombres G, no, and I have, I am the
owner of the song, good
people suffer, good people, I know him, well, and
above all, I know his daughter, I was
with her in Thailand, also a Charmer,
A Charmer, I send you a kiss, Luca, if you are
listening to us by chance, but a Charmer,
A Charmer, you saw her in the series, all,
okay, even today she continues to
get, I don't know if it's a million and a half
plays on Spotify, so you
owe me a concert, David, By the way,
it's an outrage, and this, This song
has  40 years well but let's imagine that
I am the owner of this suffer well
and Andy comes and takes the video of Sufre
mamn or the song and puts it on his
entire channel okay There will be people who want to
listen to the song Sufre mamn Vale
and put it in the YouTube search engine
her daughter Luca don't you remember that she was
with me in the sanctuary what a charming
girl also very good very pretty the
girl the time I was there in August
the second one is the daughter of David sammer and
then I saw it on David
samer's Channel he is a friend he is a very good friend of Fran no
instead of seeing it on Hombres G's Channel or
on Hombres G's Spotify etc. So exactly
practically what Ricky
is claiming is that he has stopped
earning money because there are people who have
listened to his music in my video instead
of on his where it is the bandage no that's not like that
he does have my content that
people may not have seen on my
channel because they have seen it on his
good night I send you a huge kiss
a kiss queen every reproduction that is
made on Andy's Channel is not going to be
done
Canes ofes de hes G I would have a
capital loss there David dav his
record label Los Hombres G If it's from
Rafao that's there would be one and subscribed Oh he
subscribed because he jumped on me before
but I mean someone followed me I
think nobody searched for
Ricky's song No but if someone searched for
Ricky Ed's song they're not going to hear it on the
r among other things because only Hey
unale then there's no suf it's a single it's
a great song but it's also called suf
mamn Give me back my girl but but but
everyone knows it by suf
mamn eh What I'm getting at is that he doesn't have a
capital loss because no no he doesn't stop
eh from having a [ __ ] visit
because of in fact he's had at
least one more because I went to
Spotify to check it out Let's see what that
song was okay And I'm sure that like
me many others who will have seen that
rewi and will have said [ __ ] let's see This
song Where is it and and they will have gone it will have had
more plays on Spotify than
in previous months no And that too
Well, it can be parameterized,
therefore he is lying about everything, in everything,
then he says: The work has not been used
for current affairs.
How come no? How come no? I mean, if
last year's news was about the huge
antlers that Luca Ricky had. Eddit, that if her
antlers don't grow out it's due to a pure
lack of calcium, I mean, how come no? How come
the doors at the Andorra casino have been enlarged, I mean, how come it's not
current affairs. Of course it
is current affairs that you
don't get that Javi only made the r to
throw my at Ricki. Indeed, it is true,
man, and it was all ia magically it wasa everything ia it was everything ia
the whole ruen was ia and the
ruen was to throw [ __ ] at him. Anyway, he
says the song was used in a
YouTube video, which is a commercial act
carried out with the intention of looking okay. And
the work has not been used for
current affairs. I mean, is that
also, man? It was also used
because the protagonist of that
sector of the del per one thing, if Javi does not
use any words related to
Ricky's song?  K says the song
appears in my video indeed if it is like that
but it is a compilation the
gossip as is What a shame that Ju doesn't
let you express yourself Same to me what will
become of Ann rebour's life What will become
of Ann
rebour's life well surely eh Javier pelucas Well I don't know exactly what la vida rebour will be because the truth is that an rebour's channel is about music and singing and the truth is I wouldn't dare to open a YouTube channel right now in which they
are singing But well surely in
some direct or indirect way she will
still have thoughts in Dallas in
fact yesterday she put a TT the day before yesterday is
that you have not seen my conclusions in
some trial Harry is it true t you have not
seen my conclusions in some trial
one day the conclusions
of the opposing lawyer and mine will be leaked for
example the trial against Joan Plana Uy it
's duen that is great in
statistics Look at the
audience retention Of course but since I have
the video deleted I don't know if they appear to me
no At what minute was someone could
tell me At what minute
Ricky's song was he puts it in the lawsuit What
minute was someone could tell me
quickly what minute was it at? I think
audience retention was going up in
El Cacho de aurom Look, I'll see if it
lets me see the statistics for that video
Well, the video, the video does
let me watch it Yes, it lets me see the
statistics and everything, look at the networks no no it doesn't
appear Oh they do
n't appear Oh they don't appear damn
Well it should appear right, they should
appear damn even if the video has been
deleted the statistics were what they
are but they don't let you eh see it [ __ ]
but come on it was I think I looked at it with
luares luares that I can't open for you
now because I'm watching these videos
with WhatsApp but I think you and I
looked at it and it was the auron thing do you remember the
peak is it will be leaked eh And now and we'll see, in other
words, the section of the infringing video in which
the song is used does not
respond to any informative purpose,
no what it says, as has already been clarified natal
the use of the song is divided into two
parts, first part of a recording is broadcast
in which you can see the
gentleman singing the song then
the song is used that shows why I enter the
people there were a lot of people sharing
the Auro clip can you see you can
tell me what live and at what minute and I'll
put a Track while the video
shows all the famous couples
who have broken up in
2024 but that's what the song is about That's what the
song is about the song is about
relationships breaking up over I don't know what, I
don't know how much anyway Yeah well his
concert there was a clip on Twitter about his
concert with Agustn that went viral
est Looking forward to this lawsuit that
this lawsuit reaches Javier Oliveira
through the regulatory channel I don't know if
he's going to entrust it to me if you know it
[ __ ] but come on it looks like it
looks like I'm going to have a
lot of fun okay eh it's going to be held
in Seville the lawsuit has been
filed in Seville at the
commercial court of Seville wait and see if
we have TR prising here eh data for
the income from a video Okay This is this
this is Jess Corts luk look
look at the guy who says minute 3059 Ah
okay okay  yes But also do you
remember that he said that he had earned 2000 I don't
know how much No 2000 I don't know how much Eh okay well it's that
[ __ ] It's that
look at this I'm giving you data to measure the
income of a video the cost per
1000 impressions is a metric that
represents how much money
advertisers invest to have their
ads displayed on YouTube you will see various
cpm metrics on YouTube analysis eh
cpm reproductions well it says so we
do a calculation based on a cpm of 4
or 5 for every 1000 views the result
is between 1058 and 1323 and the guy adds the
two adds two says no if he has one of
four so much if he has another of five so much
add the two and says 2000 I don't know what it can't be
okay he said 2370 and something it could
be 2370 and something are you aware of81
look 23814 for the benefits
obtained by Mr. Oliveira that was
kissed by Franco Viva Viva you calculated by
Don  Jesus Cortes lue I can't
believe it, I hadn't seen this but it's
one that adds up the two if you've had 4000 and
something if you've had 5000 I don't know how much it
adds up 2300 and p I can't two the cpm is
what the advertisers pay not what the
creator charges the creator charges
approximately half of that half
or rather I have an rpm of two I who
dedicate myself to the law that my my
viewers are all over 45 years old and
in a Spanish 87 Okay and eh the viewers
that pay the most are the Americans United
States then I think it's New Zealand
and such and then comes Spain and
England I don't know and Spain well me who
have a 90 for Spain and eh my goodness Yes yes yes such what you
hear Raquel I have an
rpm of two it seems more thrown Pablo No no Let's see let's
see Well you're going to look at the
statistics are those you're going to force me Forgive me
Mrs. Raquel excuse you [ __ ]
place have you found the
statistics dude [ __ ] place have you found
the  the statistics dude you I mean you
have a peak the statistics we have it
okay And it has a peak in the Auron thing, I
mean the video is going down let's say it has a
good retention it doesn't have a bad
retention but in the Auron thing it's like they
play it over and over again
surely people come in and search for the
Auron thing and in the Auron thing it has a peak that's what there is I
mean then the guy is
talking about having an rpm of of of of
four or so a cpm of cu but the
cpm is one thing and the rpm is another which is
ultimately what you charge well And on
top of that and on top of that add the two add
the two because it had
2646 views my goodness but on top of that
even yes I can he could have charged
1000 bucks 1000 euros is that he hasn't charged
more he hasn't charged anyway what could he charge
that he kept Ricky if he put it
in the title of the video Franco a kiss I
mean and I could have charged 1000 euros for the
rewind of course Javi there's another mistake that  it will be
mentioned tomorrow tomorrow you're going to say
exclusively another mistake Andy tell me in
private there are many there are several things
well no no I don't want to make a bet because
maybe Hey maybe I'll lose it and I
have to pay her again the same thing that she
charged I don't know And why not now because why
not because you have to see it tomorrow
on her Channel but tell it to me
privately
go on I don't remember it Ah okay in
this she is also wrong and this has
Ah It's from youlet Jess Corts Luke it's from
youplanet it's from youlet the expert that
they put okay from the Network of
yes from the Win michu company now I believe
but damn they are so slow man they are so
slow that they add the two amounts
really man things it's that to me man
another guru would have occurred to me God What
minute is it because this I
want to pass this to Javier later man eh an
hour an hour 01 okay okay since since
058 more or less at [ __ ] dude well
anyway Okay, so this is the ridiculous thing
that the four year old has done or what
the four-year-old is going to be in the in
the commercial court of Zaragoza
yes no but no they haven't notified me yet
Ah They haven't notified me yet damn but I
have to go eh Yes guys I have to
leave you continue okay Andrea do you find it
funny did you find it funny Haha
Look how I laugh haha haha not [ __ ]
funny I'm going to tweet gee I'm going to
tweet gee I think it's [ __ ]
[Music]